# OpenADE Task Force Meeting 2026-03-11

## Agenda
* Welcome
* Introduction of attendees
* Review and approve minutes


## NAESB ESPI Standard Changes for ESPI Version 4.1
* SFTP has been removed as a transport option from the ESPI standard
  * The NAESB RMQ Executive Committee met March 4th and approved removal of the SFTP as a transport protocol from 
    the NAESB ESPI standard.
* NAESB Minor Corrections
  * Minor correction MC25009 to correct the ESPI Version 4.0 standard's inconsistency with how DEPRECATED elements 
    are shown was approved by a simple majority of the NAESB RMQ Executive Committee on March 4th.
  * Minor correction MC26001 to correct ESPI Version 4.0 standard's Figure 2.0 to indicate the TimeConfiguration 
    resource also inherits from IdentifiedObject
  * The requests (R25009 & R26001) are currently undergoing a 14-day [review and comment](https://www.naesb.
    org/retail_minor_corrections.asp) period until March 18th, 2026.

## Additional NAESB ESPI Standard Changes
* The next meeting of the NAESB RMQ Executive Committee will be held on October 22nd, 2026.
* The following will be submitted to NAESB over the summer.
  * Simplify the ESPI Customer schema to reflect the same organization for Customer and IdentifiedObject as exist in 
    the espi.xsd schema.
  * Refactor the ESPI standard to reflect elements that are actively supported by utilities.
    * Remove POST, PUT, and DELETE operations for Resource Servers from the ESPI standard.
      * Affects Section REQ.21.6.2.1 ESPI REST API Interface

## Open Discussion

## Attendees
* Donald F Coffin (Green Button Alliance) (Maintainer)


## Minutes

